[GEOT-7346] Provide a snapshot tag for documentation build (#6812)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/installation/docker.rst

    dxf          importer        netcdf        vectortiles      ysld
    excel        inspire         ogr-wfs       wcs2_0-eo

Testing Geoserver Community modules
-----------------------------------

Working with a Nightly build is a good way to test community modules and provide feedback to developers working on new functionality.

> To work with a community module you must be using the GeoServer |version|.x nightly build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with community modules you must be using the GeoServer |version|.x nightly build that matches the community module build:
```
